in package.json, add "start" and "build" parameters in the script object, 
and to start the project, you can simply use the command "npm run start" to run the project in browser.

"npm run start" is equivalent to "npm start"

to start project in dev mode use "npm run start" or "npm start"
to build project, use "npm build"


while trying to create an element using React.createElement, the created element is usually treated as an object.

root.render() converts the particular element into HTML and pushes into the browser

while doing this, the div with id as "root" in the index.html will be replaced with the React Element "heading".

if it is not rendered properly, you can see the index.html content in the browser screen.


for coding, JSX syntax is used to avoid the code readability issues that come with using React.createElement()
syntax.

JSX is not HTML inside JavaScript, only It's syntax resembles HTML.

when we console.log both the React element and the JSX element, you won't find any difference in both the objects
as they are the same.

JSX code is not considered as a valid JS code as JS engine will not understand JSX

the JSX code is transpiled by Parcel before it goes into the JS engine and JS.

Parcel does not directly transpile, it gives the responsibility to BABEL.

Babel takes in the JSX code and converts it into the format which JS engine understands.

Below is the flow of a JSX code conversion
JSX --> React.createElement --> ReactElement - JS object --> HTML element (render).

While giving attributes in a JSX tag, we use camel casing


A component is an independent and reusable piece of code in React. 

There are two types of components:
- Class Based Components
- Function Based Components

Class based is the old way of writing code in React where as Function based is the newer way.

Component is just a basic JS function which returns us JSX code (or) a React element

root.render is used to render React elements, but to render a component, we need to wrap it inside a Tag, like </>

when one component is wrapped inside another component, it is called as Component Composition

to write JS code in JSX, code it in a pair of curly brackets

JSX also will help us with cross site scripting (XSS) to prevent from opening malicious data



